Add support for running script files with no extension using shebang subcommand (#1802)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/shebang.md

This command is equivalent to `run`, but it changes the way Scala CLI parses options (used to configure the tool) and
inputs (the sources of your project) in order to be compatible with `shebang` scripts.

> The command `shebang` also allows for executing script files that don't have any file extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `shebang` also allows script files to be executed even if they have no file extension, provided they start with the [`shebang` header](../guides/shebang.md#shebang-script-headers).
```
